Switch accounts/orgs dropdown (#4468)
influxdata/docs-v2: content/influxdb/cloud/account-management/data-usage.md

To view your {{< cloud-name >}} data usage, do the following:

> 1. Click the organization name dropdown in the upper left.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Click the organization name drop-down list in the upper left.
```

Reviewer: or [list](https://developers.google.com/style/word-list) alone
